---
layout: post
title: "Pokemon Go!"
date: 2016-07-8
---

<h2> pokemon-mon-mon-mon </h2>



So Pokemon Go came out earlier this week and...that has taken up a bigger chunk of my time than I was planning on. I think the first day I got it I ended up walking around the neighborhood early in the morning to catch wild pokemon, went to work, and immediately went back outside. I probably looked like a weirdo, aiming my phone at random spots in front me me, but it was great. I felt like a kid again. Every time I caught a new pokemon or leveled up I felt a little more giddy. 

I had been hearing about the release for months and wasn't that huge on the idea, but it really surprised me. Especially how much walking I ended up doing that day. I've seen a lot of amateur reviews about how people actually want to go outside now, and how much more motivated everyone is going to be to get some exercise, and they're all pretty on the mark. I'm not a big walker, I don't like to run. I've been trying to be more active in my daily life whenever I can (you know, taking the stairs instead of the elevator, walking to work and HEB, small stuff). But now, every time I'm inside I'm wishing I was in the sun, collecting pokemon.

I'm amazed at the social aspect too. A few of us were exploring our neighborhood the other night, and we kept running into other people playing Go. I was able to catch a few people with their eyes glued to their phones that didn't say hi, but the ones who did were super friendly. Not that that's much of a surprise, but it's kind of great seeing strangers just come up and join in the fun, sharing tips and swapping stories. It's a fuzzy feeling covered in cheese. Pokemon Go has also swept through my workplace. I think every one of my co-workers at this point has played the app.

Not to mention the fact that we're actually visiting some pretty cool places that we otherwise wouldn't have given a second glance at. I feel like I've seen more of this neighborhood in three days than I did in three months. I'm so glad it's summer. It makes for a perfect break from work to go outside and get some fresh air and exercise (even if it is in short bursts). It's better then sitting inside all day and going stir crazy. 



