---
layout: post
title: "3D Painting!"
date: 2016-05-22
---

<h2> Look at this! </h2>

I saw this video on LinkedIn the other day. This is incredible to me. 

<br>

<iframe class="blog-video" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/I8OuSJKSkwE?list=PLKfWL8IXgKBte4TfD53pLaHONfSYCX0RH" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<br>

I’m going to be honest, the rate of which technology has grown in my lifetime has sometimes been unnerving (I may, or may not, buy into the whole Skynet thing). But virtual reality is something I’m really excited for, now more than ever.

For me, growing up doodling in sketchbooks every night (without fail), the idea of being able to paint, in 3D is like a dream come true. As a kid, Harold and the Purple Crayon was one of those books that made me wish reality wasn’t so restricting. I thought the idea that drawing something and having it come to life, no strings attached, was incredible. This seems like the closest thing to it. 

<br>

<h2> VR filled future </h2>

This sort of thing gets me excited for what kind of projects I could be a part of in the future. One of my personal projects is to create a “game” or interaction experience where a child could virtually live through historical events. 

Throughout my research of different methods of teaching, one of the reoccurring ideas that’s stuck with me is that memory and experience are tied together. We are more likely to remember something when we have some sort of stimuli connected with that memory. The same way the smell of a certain dish may remind us of that vacation we took as a kid. Or the way the color purple always makes us think of that favorite dress we wore to a school dance. 

To create an experience for children (students) that would help engage, and educate, through experience, is a dream come true.

